Notes on installing inform-mode.

There are four options to install inform-mode: via the Marmalade Emacs
packaging system; using the package system on your OS; via the Makefile
if you are on a Unix-derived system, have access to the 'make' program
and have root access; or manually, which should work on all platforms.
Each is described further below.

1. Via Marmalade
----------------

Marmalade (http://marmalade-repo.org/) is a packaging system for Emacs.
Follow the instructions on the website to add Marmalade to your list of
package sources. Then inside emacs run

    M-x package-install RET inform-mode RET


2. Packaged versions
--------------------

Some GNU/Linux systems have inform-mode available via their packaging
systems. On Debian, Ubuntu or other derivatives you can run

    apt-get install inform-mode

However, this may not provide the latest version: if you want this,
download the latest version from http://www.rupert-lane.org/inform-mode/
and try one of the following two methods.


3. Makefile
-----------

Edit the file 'Makefile' and replace the name of your emacs binary and
site-lisp directory if they are different.

Type

    make

to byte-compile the source. Then as root, eg using sudo:

    make install

to install the files to the site-lisp directory for your emacs so it is
available for all users on your system.


4. Manually
-----------

First, byte-compile the file by running the following command (all on
one line):

    emacs  -batch -q -no-site-file -eval "(setq load-path (cons (expand-file-name \".\") load-path))" --eval '(byte-compile-file "inform-mode.el")'

Replace Emacs with 'xemacs' if you are using XEmacs. Ignore any
byte-compile warnings.

Next, copy inform-mode.elc to the directory you want to install it. If
you put the file in a non-standard place, tell emacs where to find it by
putting a line like:

    (setq load-path (cons (expand-file-name "/path/to/file/") load-path))

in your .emacs.


Updating .emacs
---------------

For all options except 1) and 2) you will need to update your .emacs to
autoload inform-mode and make it recognise .inf and .h files. Add the
following:

(autoload 'inform-mode "inform-mode" "Inform editing mode." t)
(autoload 'inform-maybe-mode "inform-mode" "Inform/C header editing mode.")
(setq auto-mode-alist
      (append '(("\\.h\\'"   . inform-maybe-mode)
                ("\\.inf\\'" . inform-mode))
               auto-mode-alist))


# Local Variables:
# mode: text
# fill-column: 72
# End:
